# Voiceover-Services-at-WordPar
What is Voiceover  Voiceover refers to the background narration provided by a voice talent to explain what is going on on screen. Stand-alone voiceovers for podcasts and audiobooks and radio broadcasts do not have an accompanying video. WordPar International is among the best voiceover companies in Bangalore and offer a wide range of voiceover services, some of which are defined and explained below.   Kinds of Voiceover Voiceovers have various forms that can be grouped in different ways.   Educational and Corporate Presentations Voiceovers are used in describing the visuals and concepts in documentaries. These are of different kinds. These could be scientific subjects, wild-life films, issues of sociological interest.  Similarly, voiceover is required in e-learning modules. The visuals on-screen require a narration by a “teacher” who introduces and explains concepts. Animations and on-screen text and visuals are accompanied by voice narration. Power point presentations for training and teaching also require voice narration to go along with the visuals.   E-learning localization includes not only voiceover services but also integration and synchronisation of on-screen display and animation. More information about the role of voiceover in e-learning localization can be found at https://www.wordpar.com/e-learning-localization/.   Film and Entertainment Some films too have narrations, and some require a different voice for the actor.  Voiceovers will narrate the background and connection between scenes, time lapses or as per the requirement of the scripts. The hub of Bollywood’s production engages many voiceover artistes in different languages. We help you find the right artiste to provide the best voiceover services in Mumbai and Pune. We can also provide professional voice talents in the USA and Europe too, in order to meet the diverse linguistic requirements for voiceover in Hollywood and the entertainment industry in general.   Kinds of Voices and Voice Talents There are all kinds of professional voices to suit the various demands of the accompanying visuals (or not). Animated films require cartoon voices. Children’s roles require kids’ voices. Documentaries ask for formal and professional voice talents, both male and female. Audio plays may call for teenaged and young adult voices, while podcasts may require vibrant, casual, energetic voices. For an eclectic group of best voiceover talents, we provide suitable solutions. For more information about our talent pool, voice-styles and other details, visit our page https://www.wordpar.com/voiceover/.    Voiceover for All Languages under One Roof Furthermore, voice talents may be required not just in English but in various European languages such as German, French, Italian, Spanish, Danish, Dutch, Swedish, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Czech, Hungarian and Romanian voiceovers. Name the language and the artistes are available at WordPar International.   The best Indian language voiceover artistes are available at WordPar all under one roof. Asian languages such as Chinese voiceover, Vietnamese, Malaysian, Indonesian are made available to you, be it voiceover service in Hyderabad or excellent voice talents in Delhi. Location is not a limitation and our network of voiceover artistes provides you the best voiceovers in every location.   Finding a Reliable Voiceover Partner  With the diverse array of voiceover types and the multitude of voiceover languages in each category, it’s challenging to find all possible combinations. WordPar International offers voiceover for all mainstream languages with variance in gender and age, all under one single roof.   Depending on the requirement of language, gender, age and style, we provide our clients a few voice samples to choose from. Clients get a wide range for selection to match the professional requirement. We select and present from among the best voiceover talents to keep up our quality and save our clients their time. More information about our voiceover project management can be read here: https://www.wordpar.com/voice-over-and-voice-narration/.   Our voiceover artistes have professional studios, latest software and adequate equipment to provide the most professional voiceovers, and to make us among the most leading voiceover service providers in India. 
